src/docs/04_solution_strategy.adoc, before:

[[section-solution-strategy]]
== Solution Strategy


[role="arc42help"]
****

****
[width="80%",cols="3,^2,^2,10",options="header"]
|===
|Decision made |Solution approach  |Reason why |Extrenal references

|*_Working with SOLID_* |As we saw in class we should follow the *SOLID* specifications in order to develop the 
proyect correctly.
| We need to follow the SOLID specifications in order to make our chat as *decentralized* as 
possible where data storage is separated from the app, to start working with SOLID we can check the second link. |https://github.com/solid/solid-spec[SOLID specifications]
https://solid.inrupt.com/docs/app-on-your-lunch-break[SOLID app on lunch break]

|*_Programming language_* |Given the assignment description and its
requirements, we decided to use *javascript* as the programming 
language. | We chose javascript because, for us, it makes it easier when dealing 
with certain things (following SOLID specifications) like callbacks that we may face during the development 
of the decentralized (one of the *main goals*) chat. 
| http://aspiringcraftsman.com/2011/12/19/solid-javascript-the-openclosed-principle/[SOLID with Javascript]

|*_Organizational decisions_* |We, as a team, have decided to try to work in an incremental way as a team, trying not to
leave everything for the last days and with *active comunication*. At first, nobody is going to take care of anything specific, but as the development process advances this may change. 
| We come from IPS, a subject where we learned how to work in a team efficiently, we are trying to apply the same principles here.
|https://www.daxx.com/blog/development-team/set-up-development-team-kickstart-your-business[Software development in teams]

|*_ANGULAR+SOLID_* |We decided to use ANGULAR and a SOLID generator to initially develop the application.
|We researched some information and realized that ANGULAR makes it easy to build applications with the web, specially with the given
constraints. Also, another main reason why we chose ANGULAR is the SOLID generator (see links at the right), that makes it easier 
to follow the SOLID specifications.
|https://github.com/Inrupt-inc/generator-solid-angular[SOLID Generator]
https://solid.inrupt.com/docs/writing-solid-apps-with-angular[SOLID applications with ANGULAR]

|===
****
****

Commit message:

Add solution strategy
Added documentation about using cucumber

src/docs/04_solution_strategy.adoc, after:

[[section-solution-strategy]]
== Solution Strategy


[role="arc42help"]
****

****
[width="80%",cols="3,^2,^2,10",options="header"]
|===
|Decision made |Solution approach  |Reason why |Extrenal references

|*_Working with SOLID_* |As we saw in class we should follow the *SOLID* specifications in order to develop the 
proyect correctly.
| We need to follow the SOLID specifications in order to make our chat as *decentralized* as 
possible where data storage is separated from the app, to start working with SOLID we can check the second link. |https://github.com/solid/solid-spec[SOLID specifications]
https://solid.inrupt.com/docs/app-on-your-lunch-break[SOLID app on lunch break]

|*_Programming language_* |Given the assignment description and its
requirements, we decided to use *javascript* as the programming 
language. | We chose javascript because, for us, it makes it easier when dealing 
with certain things (following SOLID specifications) like callbacks that we may face during the development 
of the decentralized (one of the *main goals*) chat. 
| http://aspiringcraftsman.com/2011/12/19/solid-javascript-the-openclosed-principle/[SOLID with Javascript]

|*_Organizational decisions_* |We, as a team, have decided to try to work in an incremental way as a team, trying not to
leave everything for the last days and with *active comunication*. At first, nobody is going to take care of anything specific, but as the development process advances this may change. 
| We come from IPS, a subject where we learned how to work in a team efficiently, we are trying to apply the same principles here.
|https://www.daxx.com/blog/development-team/set-up-development-team-kickstart-your-business[Software development in teams]

|*_ANGULAR+SOLID_* |We decided to use ANGULAR and a SOLID generator to initially develop the application.
|We researched some information and realized that ANGULAR makes it easy to build applications with the web, specially with the given
constraints. Also, another main reason why we chose ANGULAR is the SOLID generator (see links at the right), that makes it easier 
to follow the SOLID specifications.
|https://github.com/Inrupt-inc/generator-solid-angular[SOLID Generator]
https://solid.inrupt.com/docs/writing-solid-apps-with-angular[SOLID applications with ANGULAR]

|*_Testing with cucumber_* | TDD and acceptance tests will be implemented using cucumber | As we saw in class, this testing tool is based on user stories, something we already where familiar with and can make things easier 
|https://cucumber.io/[Cucumber, for testing].
https://www.amadousall.com/angular-e2e-with-cucumber/[How to setup cucumber in angular project (from scratch)].
https://github.com/bchinmz/protractor-cucumber[Integrating cucumber in angular project (our case)].

|===
****
****
