src/docs/12_glossary.adoc, before:

[[section-glossary]]
== Glossary

[role="arc42help"]
****

|===
|Term |Definition

|*SOLID*
|SOlid LInked Data is a proposed set of conventions and tools for building decentralized social applications based on Linked Data principles. Solid is modular and extensible and it relies as much as possible on existing W3C standards and protocols.

|*POD*
|Personal Online Data. Your POD is your personal storage space, PODs are like secure USB sticks for the Web, that you can access from anywhere. When you give others access to parts of your POD, they can react to your photos and share their memories with you. You decide which things apps and people can see.

|*User*
|Is an entity that has authority to use an application or uses PODs.

|*Stakeholder*
|Is a person who affects, is affected or can contribute to the system and its architecture.

|*User Profile*
|It have all the information about the user: name, surname, phone number, etc...

|*Asciidoctor*
|Is a fast text processor and publishing toolchain for converting AsciiDoc content to HTML5, DocBook 5 or 4.5, EPUB3, PDF and other formats. Asciidoctor is the leading implementation of the AsciiDoc syntax, first introduced and implemented in the Python-based AsciiDoc project.

|*Functional Requirements*
|They state what the system must do operating within normal parameters, so as to assure the design is adequate to make the desired product and the end product reaches its potential of the design in order to meet user expectations. Functionality does not determine 
architecture.

|*Quality Attribute Requiremennts*
|Also called non-functional requirements, they annotate or qualify functional requirements.
They influence the architecture: Availability, modifiability, usability... .

|*Quality Attribute Scenarios*
|They Describe a certain event (triggered by a person or a system) of the system and a 
measurable response to that event. *They must be testeable* and should be prioritized.

|*Angular*
|Angular is a platform that makes it easy to build applications with the web. Angular combines declarative templates, dependency injection, end to end tooling, and integrated best practices to solve development challenges. Angular empowers developers to build applications that live on the web, mobile, or the desktop.

|*Test coverage*
|It is a measure used to describe the degree to which the source code of a program is executed when a particular test suite runs. A program with high test coverage, measured as a percentage, has had more of its source code executed during testing, which suggests it has a lower chance of containing undetected software bugs compared to a program with low test coverage.


|*Cucumber*
|It is a tool that supports Behavior Driven Development. Cucumber give us the opportunity to write tests that anybody can understand. It is based on user stories.

|*User stories*
|User stories are short, simple descriptions of a feature told from the perspective of the person who desires the new capability, usually a user or customer of the system. They typically follow a simple template:
As a < type of user >, I want < some goal > so that < some reason >.

|*Travis*
|It is a distributed continuous integration service used to test software projects hosted at GitHub.

|===
****

Commit message:

Add Gherkin to the glossary

src/docs/12_glossary.adoc, after:

[[section-glossary]]
== Glossary

[role="arc42help"]
****

|===
|Term |Definition

|*SOLID*
|SOlid LInked Data is a proposed set of conventions and tools for building decentralized social applications based on Linked Data principles. Solid is modular and extensible and it relies as much as possible on existing W3C standards and protocols.

|*POD*
|Personal Online Data. Your POD is your personal storage space, PODs are like secure USB sticks for the Web, that you can access from anywhere. When you give others access to parts of your POD, they can react to your photos and share their memories with you. You decide which things apps and people can see.

|*User*
|Is an entity that has authority to use an application or uses PODs.

|*Stakeholder*
|Is a person who affects, is affected or can contribute to the system and its architecture.

|*User Profile*
|It have all the information about the user: name, surname, phone number, etc...

|*Asciidoctor*
|Is a fast text processor and publishing toolchain for converting AsciiDoc content to HTML5, DocBook 5 or 4.5, EPUB3, PDF and other formats. Asciidoctor is the leading implementation of the AsciiDoc syntax, first introduced and implemented in the Python-based AsciiDoc project.

|*Functional Requirements*
|They state what the system must do operating within normal parameters, so as to assure the design is adequate to make the desired product and the end product reaches its potential of the design in order to meet user expectations. Functionality does not determine 
architecture.

|*Quality Attribute Requiremennts*
|Also called non-functional requirements, they annotate or qualify functional requirements.
They influence the architecture: Availability, modifiability, usability... .

|*Quality Attribute Scenarios*
|They Describe a certain event (triggered by a person or a system) of the system and a 
measurable response to that event. *They must be testeable* and should be prioritized.

|*Angular*
|Angular is a platform that makes it easy to build applications with the web. Angular combines declarative templates, dependency injection, end to end tooling, and integrated best practices to solve development challenges. Angular empowers developers to build applications that live on the web, mobile, or the desktop.

|*Test coverage*
|It is a measure used to describe the degree to which the source code of a program is executed when a particular test suite runs. A program with high test coverage, measured as a percentage, has had more of its source code executed during testing, which suggests it has a lower chance of containing undetected software bugs compared to a program with low test coverage.


|*Cucumber*
|It is a tool that supports Behavior Driven Development. Cucumber give us the opportunity to write tests that anybody can understand. It is based on user stories.

|*User stories*
|User stories are short, simple descriptions of a feature told from the perspective of the person who desires the new capability, usually a user or customer of the system. They typically follow a simple template:
As a < type of user >, I want < some goal > so that < some reason >.

|*Gherkin*
|Gherkin is a human-readable language for system behaviour description, which uses indentation to define the structure of the document (spaces or tabs). Each line starts with one of the keywords and describes one of the steps. We use it to describe our user stories.

|*Travis*
|It is a distributed continuous integration service used to test software projects hosted at GitHub.

|===
****
