readme.adoc, before:

= dechat_en3a

image:https://travis-ci.org/Arquisoft/dechat_en3a.svg?branch=master["Build Status", link="https://travis-ci.org/Arquisoft/dechat_en3a"]
image:https://codecov.io/gh/Arquisoft/dechat_en3a/branch/master/graph/badge.svg["Codecov",link="https://codecov.io/gh/Arquisoft/dechat_en3a"]
image:https://coveralls.io/repos/github/Arquisoft/dechat_en3a/badge.svg["Coverage",link="https://coveralls.io/github/Arquisoft/dechat_en3a"]
image:https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/fc7dc1da60ee4e9fb67ccff782625794["Codacy code quality", link="https://www.codacy.com/app/jelabra/dechat_en3a?utm_source=github.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=Arquisoft/dechat_en3a&utm_campaign=Badge_Grade"]


== Build documentation

The documentation is done in http://asciidoc.org/[AsciiDoc]
using the https://arc42.org/[arc42] templates.
The source documents are located at
 https://github.com/Arquisoft/dechat_en3a/tree/master/src/docs[src/docs].

Using https://maven.apache.org/[Maven] and the
https://asciidoctor.org/[AsciiDoctor plugin] it is possible to generate
the documentation running:

----
mvn generate-resources
----

== Compile and run

The skeleton project is a simple
 https://spring.io/projects/spring-boot[Spring-boot] application which can be run as:

----
 mvn spring-boot:run
----

Once executed, the application should be available at: http://localhost:8080

== Testing

There are some simple Unit tests at:
 https://github.com/Arquisoft/dechat_en3a/tree/master/src/test[src/test].

There are also some
 https://cucumber.io/[Cucumber based tests]
 with a simple user story defined at:
 https://github.com/Arquisoft/dechat_en3a/tree/master/src/test/resources/features[src/test/resources/features].

To run tests execute:

----
mvn test
----

== Site documentation

The https://github.com/Arquisoft/dechat_en3a/tree/master/pom.xml[pom.xml] file
 has also been configured to generate site project documentation running:

----
mvn site
----

First meeting day 31-1-2019:
In today's class we were introduced to the proyect we will need to develop during the course.
We made some decisions:
 - We decided to use Javascript as the programming language.
 - We decided that the documentation will be done by every member of the team.

Commit message:

Add second meeting
Some assignments made in the second team meeting

readme.adoc, after:

= dechat_en3a

image:https://travis-ci.org/Arquisoft/dechat_en3a.svg?branch=master["Build Status", link="https://travis-ci.org/Arquisoft/dechat_en3a"]
image:https://codecov.io/gh/Arquisoft/dechat_en3a/branch/master/graph/badge.svg["Codecov",link="https://codecov.io/gh/Arquisoft/dechat_en3a"]
image:https://coveralls.io/repos/github/Arquisoft/dechat_en3a/badge.svg["Coverage",link="https://coveralls.io/github/Arquisoft/dechat_en3a"]
image:https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/fc7dc1da60ee4e9fb67ccff782625794["Codacy code quality", link="https://www.codacy.com/app/jelabra/dechat_en3a?utm_source=github.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=Arquisoft/dechat_en3a&utm_campaign=Badge_Grade"]


== Build documentation

The documentation is done in http://asciidoc.org/[AsciiDoc]
using the https://arc42.org/[arc42] templates.
The source documents are located at
 https://github.com/Arquisoft/dechat_en3a/tree/master/src/docs[src/docs].

Using https://maven.apache.org/[Maven] and the
https://asciidoctor.org/[AsciiDoctor plugin] it is possible to generate
the documentation running:

----
mvn generate-resources
----

== Compile and run

The skeleton project is a simple
 https://spring.io/projects/spring-boot[Spring-boot] application which can be run as:

----
 mvn spring-boot:run
----

Once executed, the application should be available at: http://localhost:8080

== Testing

There are some simple Unit tests at:
 https://github.com/Arquisoft/dechat_en3a/tree/master/src/test[src/test].

There are also some
 https://cucumber.io/[Cucumber based tests]
 with a simple user story defined at:
 https://github.com/Arquisoft/dechat_en3a/tree/master/src/test/resources/features[src/test/resources/features].

To run tests execute:

----
mvn test
----

== Site documentation

The https://github.com/Arquisoft/dechat_en3a/tree/master/pom.xml[pom.xml] file
 has also been configured to generate site project documentation running:

----
mvn site
----

== Meeting day 31-1-2019
In today's class we were introduced to the proyect we will need to develop during the course.
We made some decisions:
 - We decided to use Javascript as the programming language.
 - We decided that the documentation will be done by every member of the team. 
 
== Meeting day 7-2-2019
We made some decisions:
 - We considered the future use of a NoSQL database.
 - We assigned certain part of the documentation to each of the members of the group:
     * Document_1 -> Vladislav Stelmakh and Alvaro Lucas.
     * Document_2 -> Fernando Ruiz.
     * Document_3 -> Not assigned yet.
     * Document_4 -> Daniel Llana and Pablo Martinez.
